{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\vieww12000\viewh14520\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs20 \cf0 \
To do this, you need the RAD Video Tools (Bink and Smacker) which are available to download for free at http://www.radgametools.com/bnkdown.htm.\
\
Once you installed the RAD Tools, you will be asked to select a file type. Select the avi file you created and then hit the Bink It! button. This will open up the options for the Bink Video conversion. Everything should be ok, but there are two key sections you want to pay attention to.\
\
The first is the Output file info name. Make sure its named what you want the movie to be called.\
\
The second is in the Input video settings. At the far right of the Force to and Adjust to settings, make sure the Width is 800 and the Height is 600 for all fields. This will make sure your movie resolution is the correct size so it will work in Neverwinter Nights.\
\
Once everything is set, hit the Bink button on the right side. It will take several minutes for it to convert the avi file into a bik.\
\
After that, place to *.bik movie file into your movies folder of Neverwinter Nights.\
\
Open your module in the Toolset. Go to Edit -> Module Properties -> Advanced tab and choose your movie in the Starting Movie field. Save the module.\
\
If everything was done right, the next time you start your module you should see your movie play.\
\
Good luck!\
}